#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
aiohttp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   inapppy
amqp==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
astroid==2.9.3
    # via pylint
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   redis
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   zeep
babel==2.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
bcrypt==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via webtest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
bleach==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
bok-choy==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
boto3==1.24.73
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
botocore==1.27.73
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zeep
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
celery==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
certifi==2022.9.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   diff-cover
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
configparser==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==6.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   pytest-cov
crypto==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
cryptography==38.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   social-auth-core
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   premailer
cssutils==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   premailer
cybersource-rest-client-python==0.0.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
datetime==4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
ddt==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   redis
diff-cover==6.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-extra-views
    #   django-filter
    #   django-haystack
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-oscar
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-solo
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-sites-extensions
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-rbac
    #   jsonfield
    #   rest-condition
    #   xss-utils
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-compressor
django-compressor==4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-libsass
django-config-models==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-cors-headers==3.13.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crispy-forms==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-extra-views==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-filter==22.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-haystack==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-libsass==0.9
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rbac
django-oscar==2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-phonenumber-field==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-solo==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-tables2==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-threadlocals==0.10
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-waffle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
django-webtest==1.9.10
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-widget-tweaks==1.4.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-datatables
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   rest-condition
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework-datatables==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
edx-braze-client==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
edx-django-release-util==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-sites-extensions==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
edx-drf-extensions==6.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rbac
edx-ecommerce-worker==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-i18n-tools==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rbac==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
enum34==1.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
extras==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   python-subunit
    #   testtools
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   django-oscar
faker==14.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
fixtures==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   testtools
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
funcsigs==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
getsmarter-api-clients==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
google-api-core==1.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.31.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth==1.32.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
httplib2==0.20.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
httpretty==0.9.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/pins.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
idna==2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   pytest-randomly
inapppy==2.5.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
importlib-resources==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   pytest
ipaddress==1.0.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zeep
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreschema
    #   diff-cover
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
jsonschema==4.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
kombu==4.6.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lazy==1.4
    # via bok-choy
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via astroid
libsass==0.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-libsass
linecache2==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   traceback2
logger==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   premailer
    #   zeep
markdown==2.6.9
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   pylint
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
more-itertools==8.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   pytest
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mysqlclient==1.4.6
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
naked==0.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   crypto
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
newrelic==8.1.0.180
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nose==1.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   inapppy
oauthlib==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   google-api-core
    #   pytest
    #   redis
    #   tox
paramiko==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
path==16.4.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
path-py==7.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
paypalrestsdk==1.13.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pbr==5.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   fixtures
    #   stevedore
    #   testtools
phonenumbers==8.12.55
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
pillow==9.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pylint
    #   zeep
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.1.1
    # via edx-i18n-tools
premailer==2.9.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psutil==5.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
purl==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oscar
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   x509
pycodestyle==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycountry==17.1.8
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   cffi
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
pycryptodome==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
pycryptodomex==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   pyjwkest
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   diff-cover
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
pymongo==3.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   paramiko
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   paypalrestsdk
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
pypi==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-randomly
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-variables
pytest-base-url==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-html==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
pytest-metadata==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   pytest-html
pytest-randomly==3.12.0
    # via -r requirements/e2e.txt
pytest-selenium==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/e2e.txt
pytest-timeout==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/e2e.txt
pytest-variables==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-dotenv==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements/e2e.txt
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-mimeparse==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
python-subunit==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
python-toolbox==1.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2016.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   datetime
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-datatables
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   google-api-core
    #   zeep
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   naked
rcssmin==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-compressor
redis==4.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   coreapi
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   google-api-core
    #   inapppy
    #   naked
    #   paypalrestsdk
    #   pyjwkest
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   stripe
    #   zeep
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zeep
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zeep
responses==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
rest-condition==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
rjsmin==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-compressor
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   google-auth
    #   inapppy
    #   oauth2client
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
rules==3.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
selenium==3.141.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   bok-choy
    #   pytest-selenium
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
shellescape==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   crypto
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   bleach
    #   bok-choy
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   django-extra-views
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
    #   edx-rbac
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   isodate
    #   libsass
    #   oauth2client
    #   paramiko
    #   paypalrestsdk
    #   protobuf
    #   purl
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
    #   requests-file
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   social-auth-core
    #   tenacity
    #   tox
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sorl-thumbnail==12.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   django
stevedore==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
stripe==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
tenacity==6.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
testfixtures==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
testtools==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   python-subunit
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   tox
tomli==2.0.1
    # via coverage
tox==3.14.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox-battery
tox-battery==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/tox.txt
traceback2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   testtools
    #   unittest2
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   pylint
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   botocore
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   selenium
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
virtualenv==16.7.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
waitress==2.1.2
    # via webtest
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
webob==1.8.7
    # via webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via django-webtest
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   astroid
    #   deprecated
x509==0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
xss-utils==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
yarl==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
zeep==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
zipp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zope-interface==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   datetime

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
